README.md, before:

# image-filter
udacity assignment for module 2

url: http://imagefilter-chrille-dev.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/

token:eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlbWFpbCI6ImNocmlsbGVuQGdtYWlsLmNvbSIsImlhdCI6MTU4ODA4OTEzOCwiZXhwIjoxNjE5NjI1MTM4fQ.pZAML8M_eKn8nMxkHB0flcV3d8Vtz2uO52idpnza8oY

image of deploymnt: /deployment_screenshoot/imagefilter-deployed-elastic-beanstalk.png

test url: http://imagefilter-chrille-dev.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/filteredimage?image_url=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3f/KITTEN_on_BAMBOO_top_C_11JUN94.jpg/722px-KITTEN_on_BAMBOO_top_C_11JUN94.jpg

Authentication:
Now i just duplicated requireAuth for calculating that the jwt is valid but normally in my opinion it should be maybe a indipendant NPM package that all projects import then can reuse same validation code instead.

My intial thought was to call udagrams api verification call but it feels like overcomplicating things so my solution above with packages seems best.

image service during upload:
I am during

Commit message:

added updated information about the project

README.md, after:

# image-filter
udacity assignment for module 2

github for the project image-filter: https://github.com/chrillen/image-filter

url: http://imagefilter-chrille-dev.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/

token:eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlbWFpbCI6ImNocmlsbGVuQGdtYWlsLmNvbSIsImlhdCI6MTU4ODA4OTEzOCwiZXhwIjoxNjE5NjI1MTM4fQ.pZAML8M_eKn8nMxkHB0flcV3d8Vtz2uO52idpnza8oY

![image of deployment](https://github.com/chrillen/image-filter/blob/master/deployment_screenshots/imagefilter-deployed-elastic-beanstalk.png)

test url: http://imagefilter-chrille-dev.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/filteredimage?image_url=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3f/KITTEN_on_BAMBOO_top_C_11JUN94.jpg/722px-KITTEN_on_BAMBOO_top_C_11JUN94.jpg

Authentication:
Now i just duplicated requireAuth for calculating that the jwt is valid but normally in my opinion it should be maybe a indipendant NPM package that all projects import then can reuse same validation code instead.

My intial thought was to call udagrams api verification call but it feels like overcomplicating things so my solution above with packages seems best.

image service during upload:
I added another column to the feedItem table for storing the filtered-image name.
Added http call that stream directly to s3 using aws-sdk upload manager to see more details checkout my forked repo.

here you can see the changes:
https://github.com/chrillen/cloud-developer/commit/39778c7ee3d9a5a9b7cd882e0c5a449e7b96c171

Here is my repo:
https://github.com/chrillen/cloud-developer/


To test the frontend application the frontend using ionic serve from your shell.
i have added a image of my updated frontend added just so filtered image is below original to see the backend is processing both.

![image of new frontend](https://github.com/chrillen/image-filter/blob/master/deployment_screenshots/imagefilter-deployed-elastic-beanstalk.png)
